## Chi Ziniu
##### I always thought you were a very naughty fellow before I joined you, but your amazing performance made me realize that I was wrong. Although many times you are not optimistic about your teachers and classmates, you can still stick to your own path. In the later life, you may be hit by a wall, but your firm determination makes me firmly believe that you will succeed. But this is based on the fact that you can reasonably control yourself. If you can get rid of your habit of being active, you will surely become one of the most brilliant stars in the science and arts circles of the class.
## Chen Lingzhu
##### I always thought you were a very naughty fellow before I joined you, but your amazing performance made me realize that I was wrong. Although many times you are not optimistic about your teachers and classmates, you can still stick to your own path. In the later life, you may be hit by a wall, but your firm determination makes me firmly believe that you will succeed. But this is based on the fact that you can reasonably control yourself. If you can get rid of your habit of being active, you will surely become one of the most brilliant stars in the science and arts circles of the class.
## Liu Dongsen
##### You have to say that you are really doing wonders in improving English. Forgive me for not being able to argue with certainty that you have made great efforts in English, but I know you have more valuable wealth than this. That is infinite patience and firm determination to try. Not only that, but your mind is also active. This is completely different from Liu Dongsen, who just came in. What has changed you? I think you will use your strength to tell me the answer.
## Wu Zujia
##### My compliments on your achievements need not be repeated. There is a saying: "the greater the ability, the greater the responsibility." and you are Liu Dongsen's little teacher. I hope you can take care of eugenics as your mission. In the eyes of the teacher, you are perfect. I hope you don't work together with some of the highly self - respected eugenics to further improve your value. If you can get rid of the arrogant personality and face the whole world with a kind of approachable attitude, you can really get the recognition of the students. It will really become a good leader. Remember, "a single flower is not a spring, but a hundred flowers bloom in spring."
## Wen Fengjin
##### I don't want to generalize you in some general terms, because you are very special. Especially in a kind of tranquility. Unfortunately, this advantage has just become your weakness. I hope you can grasp the advantages of silence and gold and activate your thinking. This is equivalent to a truly outstanding middle school student's model. With this in mind, you can fly in the sky that belongs to you.
